Fix disabled dynamic mapping description in explicit mapping example (#1406)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/elasticsearch-basics-quickstart.md

}
```

> 1. Disables dynamic mapping for the index. Fields not defined in the mapping will still be saved in the document, but they won’t be indexed or searchable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disables dynamic mapping for the index. Fields not defined in the mapping will still be stored in the document's `_source` field, but they won’t be indexed or searchable.
```
